feat(core): prevent define icons by library (#1609)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/installation/javascript.md

})();
```

## Prevent `@siemens/ix-icons` to be defined during library load

> This can be useful if you have configured CSP nonce, because of the lazy bootstrap behavior of the components.

> To prevent the define of the `ix-icon` component via the setup function of the library you have to
> set a `meta[ix:legacy-icons="false"]` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the definition of the `ix-icon` component during library setup, add the following <meta> tag to your application:
```
